Soups, salads and sandwiches fill us momentarily, but has charity told you that you will burn in Hell and that Master Jesus will judge 
the Earth and Father God will judge the dead (and then throw all of you into the Lake of Fire!)?  Get saved now, if you hear His voice 
calling you, because He is good, and He's certainly better than our natural state, where our sin leads us to death and darkness and 
bitter howling.

So, how are you saved? By believing four things and then by doing one thing, because you really do believe those four things.

1 Corinthians 15:1-8 - Believe:

 1) Christ died for our sins in accordance with the Scriptures
 2) He was buried
 3) God raised Him from the dead on the third day in accordance with the Scriptures
 4) He was seen afterward by Peter, the Disciples, over 500 brothers at one time, most of whom were still alive at that time when 
 Paul wrote to the Corinthian congregation and told them this form of the gospel that he learned, then Jesus was seen by James, and 
 the Apostles and by Paul.

Romans 10:9-13 - Do:
 1) Call on the name of the Master to be saved by
 1a) confessing with the mouth "Master Jesus" because
 1b) with the mouth, confession is made to salvation.

It's HIS righteousness that saves, not ours.  After you believe and confess Him and are thereby born again, then you won't ever lose
your salvation unless you never really believed these things.  Your behavior will change as you get to know Him.  We aren't led by 
written rules such as the 10 Commandments anymore, but we are led by the law of the Spirit of Life, the Holy Spirit, who raised Christ 
from the dead, and who raises us who believe and confess and are thereby born again.  As He teaches us Christ's mind, we become more 
like our Master and our desires for evil fade away.

The spirit of Antichrist is already in the World, and it tries to mimic Christ!  Don't let it tell you that you have to do things or 
to be good to be saved.  That's trash!  You already know what you must do, and it's a simple and a useful and everlasting act, so long 
as you sincerely believe those things that you already know you must believe.  Antichrist's goodness is only surface deep, though, and 
it has no power to save you from the natural outcome of your sin which is death.  Don't misunderstand the simplicity of Christ's great 
salvation of all who believe and confess Him.

Understand it well - it's Christ's righteousness that saves!  There could be an ax-murdering, born again Christian, but there cannot be 
a very kind person who does many righteous deeds who does not believe and confess Master Jesus and who is a born again Christian.

What to do next?  Find a church by asking them what you must do to be saved, and settle down in one that knows (pass up all the great 
hordes that do not, or are not willing to tell you or the World, even if they were to feed the whole World!).  

What do do next?  Learn Christ's mind through:
 1) Bible reading, studying and doing
 2) Prayer, according to the Bible (He cares for you, so talk to Him as you would a cherished father or mother or sister or brother or 
 son or daughter).
 3) Love the siblings in Christ as well as all the dying Worldlings your enemies.
 4) Be glad, rejoice and praise Master Jesus your salvation (because you could never be good enough for your death to qualify as anything 
 useful in counteracting sin, He was good enough and He died for our sins).  Thank Him in all your life He fills you up with!  :^D
 
The Church has a strange sickness in modern times in thinking that its kindness and its friendship is a loving replacement for preaching 
salvation doctrine, which is the gospel.  The Church must be kind, because it is our nature, but salvation comes from God, and all our 
kindness cannot produce it. It can even obscure it! Beware.
